Document changes about `/packit rebuild-failed` and `retest-failed` (#383)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/packit-service.md

![Re-run Github check](/github-check-rerun.png)

> Or it is possible to re-trigger every failed task using pull request command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or it is possible to re-trigger every failed task using a pull request comment
```

    /packit rebuild-failed

> which builds only against failed builds and similar for testing farm
> 
>     /packit retest-failed
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which builds only failed builds and similar for testing farm

    /packit retest-failed

to <explicitly say what it does>
```

Reviewer: you left the `against`, which I'd suggested to remove. Did you overlook it or am I missing something?

Author: True. Thanks, Jirko!
